Project: Major Project
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
People present: Omar Ibrahim and Maxim Buzdalov
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Omar Ibrahim
Version: 1.1


Matters arising:
=============
None - first meeting of group


New business:
=============
1. Discussing prepared notes 
There was a discussion about the prepared notes, which included initial ideas
and ways to solve the problem at hand and how to tackle it. Prepared notes are
viewable in the "prepared_notes.txt" in the same folder as this meeting.
Following points have been mentioned and discussed more in depth:
    Interface:
        - Communication needs to be considered early.
        - It has to display the world and crucial information
        - Seperate developer to normal user interface, maybe using
          an authentification system
        - API for cummunication in Java
        - JAVA User interface for desktop devices such as macbook, linux and windows
        - Mobile device interface as an extra
    Language Modularity:
        - Worth it and choose approach from the beginning
        - Old approach using stored localisation file no need to recompile but 
          might be a bit shaky
        - Newer approach using libraries and more programmer friendly, but need
          to recompile
    Robot movement: 
        - Don't make it a 3d problem
        - Modular navigation
            - simple at the beginning but will develop to be more complex later
            - Heatmap for navigation, is a good idea but needs to be researched
              more
            - A* too much unless hardware is slow and needs optimization
            - Callibration should be done beforehand
                - Board placement might be possible using vision and show
                  users where to move it. Example visual 
                - Figures
                    - Convex hull for each figure, needs to be researched
                    - Saving figure data and picking up a single figure
                      to compare it to previous sets, to go avoid a full
                      recallibration
    Chess engine:
        - board state should be made accessable to outside the engine
        - wrappers most likely needed for different kinds of chess engines,
          this needs to be researched
    Cameras:
        - knowledge between camre and manipulator base needed
    Connection:
        - depends on manipulator if we go wireless or wired,
          research manipulators
    Computer Vision:
        - Cell empty or not might be a good approach for board state
    Remove:
        - Move away from different types of games

2. Meeting with patricia
This was a meeting with Patricia Shaw after the mentioned meeting.
Available robots are:
  - Universal Robot UR3e
  - Kenova GEN3
Both robots have ros noetic available.
Possible to convert models to gazebo files if chess pieces or a chess board
doesn't exist as a gazebo model.
There will be a meeting between Omar and Patricia next week to view the 
robot arms in person.
Might not get access to the robot arm as another project might need it.
Thus limited time or no time on the physical robot could be expected.
Depending on what robot arm will be chosen for the project.


Actions:
=============
For Omar:
1. Start working on Project-outline documents
2. Start research on some topics mentioned above.
3. Github repository
    - Create a repository
        - make it private
    - Invite maxim to the repository
        - name: mbuzdalov
    - Create repository layout
    - Add datasheet and documents which were supplied by patricia
4. Start reviewing robot arm documentations and have a look at their
   github repositories.

For Maxim:
1. Setup a date for the next meeting